[DOCS] Updates Discover docs for 8.5 (#142021)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/document-explorer.asciidoc

column header, and then select the sort order.

To sort by multiple fields:

. Click the *field sorted* option.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/document-explorer-sort-data.png[Pop-up in document table for sorting columns, width="50%"]

. To add fields to the sort, select their names from the dropdown menu.
+
By default, columns are sorted in the order they are added.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/document-explorer-multi-field.png[Multi field sort in the document table, width="50%"]

. To change the sort order, select a field in the pop-up, and then drag it to the new location.

[float]
[[document-explorer-compare-data]]
==== Filter the documents

Narrow your results to a subset of documents so you're comparing the just data of interest.

. Select the documents you want to compare.

. Click the *documents selected* option, and then select *Show selected documents only*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/document-explorer-compare-data.png[Compare data in the document table, width="50%"]

[float]
[[document-explorer-configure-table]]
==== Set rows per page

By default, the document table displays 100 rows per page. To change this number,

> click *Rows per page*.

Reviewer: We now also have a new Advanced Setting `discover:sampleRowsPerPage` to customize the default Rows per page number.

. To add fields to the sort, select their names from the dropdown menu.
+
By default, columns are sorted in the order they are added.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/document-explorer-multi-field.png[Multi field sort in the document table, width="50%"]

. To change the sort order, select a field in the pop-up, and then drag it to the new location.

[float]
[[document-explorer-edit-field]]
==== Edit a field

Customize how {kib} displays a field.

. Click the column header for the field, and then select *Edit data view field.*

. In the Edit field form, change the field name and format.
+
For detailed information on formatting options, refer to <<managing-fields, Format data fields>>.

[float]
[[document-explorer-compare-data]]
==== Filter the documents

Narrow your results to a subset of documents so you're comparing just the data of interest.

. Select the documents you want to compare.

. Click the *documents selected* option, and then select *Show selected documents only*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/document-explorer-compare-data.png[Compare data in the document table, width="50%"]

[float]
[[document-explorer-configure-table]]
==== Set rows per page

> By default, the document table displays 100 rows per page. To change this number,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the numbers of rows you want to display on each page, use the *Rows per page* menu. By default, the document table displays 100 rows per page.
```

> use the *Rows per page* menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

. In the *Table* view, scan through the fields and their values, or search for a field by name.

. When you find a field of interest,

> hover your mouse over the *Actions* column

Reviewer: We could also add info about the new action in column dropdown: it's now possible to edit the field and change its name or formatting (as explained in https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/managing-data-views.html#managing-fields)

<img width="440" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-30 at 09 41 12" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1415710/193218544-1454e671-0bed-4a49-a47b-56c2abb250de.png">

Author: Done!
